Improve DX for `sidebar` prop in `<StarlightPage>` and document it (#1534)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/guides/pages.mdx

- The [`editUrl`](/reference/frontmatter/#editurl) option requires a URL to display an edit link.

> - The [`sidebar`](/reference/frontmatter/#sidebar) property is not supported. In Markdown frontmatter, this option allows customization of [autogenerated link groups](/reference/configuration/#sidebar), which is not applicable to pages using the `<StarlightPage />` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`sidebar`](/reference/frontmatter/#sidebar) frontmatter property for customizing how the page appears in [autogenerated link groups](/reference/configuration/#sidebar) is not available. Pages using the `<StarlightPage />` component are not part of a collection and cannot be autogenerated in the sidebar.
```
OK, this might or might not be better, *but* I found it a little weird to read "the sidebar property is not supported" and then immediately see (admittedly, a different property) called "sidebar". 😄 

At the very least, that's why I threw "the sidebar FRONTMATTER property..." in there. Then, tried to distinguish *that* sidebar ("how the page is described in the sidebar") from the property below ("which sidebar to generate for the page")

Just take that how you will!

Author: Yeah, I can see that! Took the liberty of tweaking the very end of your suggestion so I could use it and give you credit 🙌

##### `sidebar`

**type:** `SidebarEntry[]`  
**default:** the sidebar generated based on the [global `sidebar` config](/reference/configuration/#sidebar)

Provide a custom site navigation sidebar for this page.
If not set, the page will use the default global sidebar.

For example, the following page overrides the default sidebar with a link to the homepage and a group of links to different constellations.

> The current page in the sidebar is set using the `isCurrent` property and an optional `badge` has been added to a link item.

Reviewer: The example is really explicit! Nicely done!

I am left wondering whether I can still do things like autogenerate here, though. If so, it might be nice to show another grouping where that happens? If not, a line mentioning that this config should manually list out the entire contents of the sidebar as autogeneration of groups is not available, or something like that, would be helpful!
